(Transcribed by Sonix.ai - Remove this message by upgrading your Sonix account)
Hi. Thanks for calling Al's place.
Are you calling to place an order or make a
reservation?
Place an order.
Awesome. Are you ordering for pickup or to
dine in?
Or pickup?
Give me a moment. What would you like to
order from the menu?
I would like to get the shrimp po'boy.
This will just take a sec.
Got it. Anything else?
No.
Just a second. So I have a shrimp po'boy,
is that correct?
That's correct.
I can put this under Kev.
Want a different name on the order?
No.
I have your number as 6292 50 1143.
Is that the best number to text the payment
link to?
Yes.
Just a sec. All right.
A shrimp po'boy for pickup.
Total comes to $11.90.
Sound good?
Sounds good.
Is it okay if I send you a text with a secure
payment link?
Yes.
One moment. I'm sending the link to your
phone now.
Tap the link to complete payment.
Once it's paid, your order goes straight to
the kitchen and you'll get another text when
it's ready. It should be ready in about 20
minutes.
Are there any final questions before we wrap
up?
No.
Just a sec. Al's place.
(Transcribed by Sonix.ai - Remove this message by upgrading your Sonix account)
Thanks you for your order. Goodbye.